Hello
away from mental
so you can get there
for this we are on the side if we do not
have and thermal will analyze how
download it
in this video
good what he's going to do right now
show what it is
servible is
this way as being a place where many
those who do not
two
or
it is too far
two
I do not want
and go
will send us to the altar and obviously we
filling our body
but its that we say far
the voice is then what we are going to do
see it below
what we will look for will follow the page
battle officer
in the center we handsome
easily
revive it
lgl in the description of the video
quiet
here we put our account
the start window of what is
compensate the ballot because I'm
appreciating the game that soon
demonstrate how it is installed as a sequel
ok I was not shown what there is
characters
and we will put the server where we are in
my case is just a reality
we look for slave characters who died
reality
and that load
this count is already made
we want to see where we all have
these
and follow and we will see that he will have revived
as they see that he has died
and that spirit
for
to see that if they do not
our gene that loads
our game are the skillful
active laugh we are the earth
and this
yes
I recommend it
it's easy it 's complicated
and allowed
like
up to the list
bye